Create Set-CsTeamsFilesPolicy.md (#11895)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsTeamsFilesPolicy.md

---
external help file: Microsoft.Teams.Policy.Administration.Cmdlets.Core.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/set-csteamsfilespolicy
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-CsTeamsFilesPolicy

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new teams files policy.

> teams files policies determine whether or not files entry points to sharepoint enabled for a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Teams files policies determine whether or not files entry points to SharePoint enabled for a user.
```

> The policies also specify third party app id to allow file storage(eg. Box).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The policies also specify third-party app ID to allow file storage (e.g., Box).
```
